adding new sdk methods (#28752)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/threats/add-user-info.md

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="nodejs" >}}

Starting in dd-trace-js v3.13.1, you can use the Node.js tracer API to track user events. In dd-trace-js v5.48.0, new methods were introduced under the `eventTrackingV2` namespace, while the existing ones were retained for compatibility.

> Note that the legacy methods `trackUserLoginSuccessEvent` and `trackUserLoginFailureEvent` are now deprecated in favor of the new methods `eventTrackingV2.trackUserLoginSuccess` and `eventTrackingV2.trackUserLoginFailure`, respectively.

Reviewer: I'd suggest t moving this in the migration section. New users don't necessarily care about details about the legacy SDK

{{< /tabs >}}

#### Migrating to the new login success and failure methods 

The new methods in `eventTrackingV2` introduce a more intuitive parameter order and clearer separation of concerns. Here are the key changes:

1. The login identifier (email, username) is the first parameter and is mandatory.
2. The user object/ID is optional in success events and has been removed from failure events.
3. Metadata has been simplified and no longer requires the `usr.login` field.

**Note**: the legacy methods `trackUserLoginSuccessEvent` and `trackUserLoginFailureEvent` are deprecated in favor of the new methods `eventTrackingV2.trackUserLoginSuccess` and `eventTrackingV2.trackUserLoginFailure`, respectively.

In the examples above, the commented code is no longer necessary.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Login success" %}}
```javascript
const tracer = require('dd-trace')

// in a controller:
const user = {
  id: 'user-id',
  email: 'user@email.com'

> } // same as before, but now the object is optional. Providing a user id will nonetheless help with post-compromised activity correlation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
} // same as before, but now the object is optional. Providing a user ID will nonetheless help with post-compromised activity correlation
```

const login = 'user@email.com' // new mandatory argument

const metadata = { 

> //  'usr.login': 'user@email.com', this is not necessary anymore in metadata, must be the main argument

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
//  'usr.login': 'user@email.com', this is no longer necessary in metadata. Must be the main argument
```

{{< /tabs >}}

#### Migrating to the new login success and failure methods 

The new methods in `eventTrackingV2` introduce a more intuitive parameter order and clearer separation of concerns. Here are the key changes:

1. The login identifier (email, username) is now the first parameter and is mandatory.
2. The user object/ID is now optional in success events and has been removed from failure events.
3. Metadata has been simplified and no longer requires the `usr.login` field.

In the examples above, the commented code is no longer necessary.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Login success" %}}
```javascript
const tracer = require('dd-trace')

// in a controller:
const user = {
  id: 'user-id',
  email: 'user@email.com'

> } // same as before, but now the object is optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
} // same as before, but now the object is optional. Providing a user id will nonetheless help with post-compromised activity correlation
```
